README.md, before:

# RSS to Issues GitHub Action

This GitHub Action creates issues from an RSS or Atom feed.

New issues will only be created if no issue exists that corresponds to the feed item. Optionally, the issues' titles can be prefixed, and labeled. There are multiple ways to restrict what feed items this Action acts on.

This GitHub Action is a Javascript port of the [rss-issues Action](https://github.com/guilhem/rss-issues-action). See [below](#Compatibility) for more details.

## Inputs

### `repo-token`

**Required** the `GITHUB_TOKEN` secret.

### `feed`

**Required** URL of the RSS/Atom feed.

### `prefix`

Prefix added to the created issues' titles.

### `lastTime`

If specified, only look at feed items younger than the specified age. For example, `48h` will only look at feed items from the last forty-eight hours.

Note: This Action is typically run in a scheduled workflow, and the age should be adjusted in accordance with that schedule. That is, if the workflow is run once per day, `max-age` should be set to at least 24h (probably a bit more in case GitHub Actions experiences problems).

### `labels`

Labels to add, comma separated.

### `dry-run`

Log issue creation but do nothing

### `aggregate`

Aggregate all items in a single issue

### `characterLimit`

Limit size of issue content

### `titleFilter`

Don't create an issue if the title matches the specified regular expression ([Javascript regular expression syntax](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions))

### `contentFilter`

Don't create an issue if the content matches the specified regular expression ([Javascript regular expression syntax](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions))

## Outputs

### `issues`

Issue IDs, comma separated.

## Example

### step

```yaml
uses: git-for-windows/rss-to-issues
with:
  repo-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
  feed: "https://cloud.google.com/feeds/kubernetes-engine-release-notes.xml"
```

### complete

```yaml
name: Monitor new Git versions

on:
  schedule:
    # Run this Action every day at 7:37am UTC
    - cron: "37 7 * * *"

jobs:
  gke-release:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: git-for-windows/rss-to-issues@v0
        with:
          repo-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          feed: https://github.com/git/git/tags.atom
          prefix: "[Git]"
          characterLimit: 255
          dry-run: false
          lastTime: 48h
          labels: git
```

### Real Usage

- [Git for Windows' component updates](https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/issues?q=label%3Acomponent-update)

## Compatibility

This GitHub Action is a Javascript port of the Go version at [`guilhem/rss-issues-action`](https://github.com/guilhem/rss-issues-action). The port exists because the Go version has to run in a Docker image, and therefore it is slower to load than the Javascript Action, it has to be pre-compiled, and it has to be uploaded to a Docker registry (i.e. it is subject to network issues when there is a problem connecting from GitHub Actions' build agents).

While at it, the Javascript version fixes the bug where `rss-issues-action` did not set the output as documented.

Commit message:

Use the canonical name for the token
The reference Actions (such as `actions/github-script`) use
`github-token`, and so should we.

Since we're already moving to Javascript, we might just as well clean
this up in a "backwards-incompatible" way.

Signed-off-by: Johannes Schindelin <johannes.schindelin@gmx.de>

README.md, after:

# RSS to Issues GitHub Action

This GitHub Action creates issues from an RSS or Atom feed.

New issues will only be created if no issue exists that corresponds to the feed item. Optionally, the issues' titles can be prefixed, and labeled. There are multiple ways to restrict what feed items this Action acts on.

This GitHub Action is a Javascript port of the [rss-issues Action](https://github.com/guilhem/rss-issues-action). See [below](#Compatibility) for more details.

## Inputs

### `github-token`

**Required** the `GITHUB_TOKEN` secret.

### `feed`

**Required** URL of the RSS/Atom feed.

### `prefix`

Prefix added to the created issues' titles.

### `lastTime`

If specified, only look at feed items younger than the specified age. For example, `48h` will only look at feed items from the last forty-eight hours.

Note: This Action is typically run in a scheduled workflow, and the age should be adjusted in accordance with that schedule. That is, if the workflow is run once per day, `max-age` should be set to at least 24h (probably a bit more in case GitHub Actions experiences problems).

### `labels`

Labels to add, comma separated.

### `dry-run`

Log issue creation but do nothing

### `aggregate`

Aggregate all items in a single issue

### `characterLimit`

Limit size of issue content

### `titleFilter`

Don't create an issue if the title matches the specified regular expression ([Javascript regular expression syntax](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions))

### `contentFilter`

Don't create an issue if the content matches the specified regular expression ([Javascript regular expression syntax](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions))

## Outputs

### `issues`

Issue IDs, comma separated.

## Example

### step

```yaml
uses: git-for-windows/rss-to-issues
with:
  github-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
  feed: "https://cloud.google.com/feeds/kubernetes-engine-release-notes.xml"
```

### complete

```yaml
name: Monitor new Git versions

on:
  schedule:
    # Run this Action every day at 7:37am UTC
    - cron: "37 7 * * *"

jobs:
  gke-release:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: git-for-windows/rss-to-issues@v0
        with:
          github-token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          feed: https://github.com/git/git/tags.atom
          prefix: "[Git]"
          characterLimit: 255
          dry-run: false
          lastTime: 48h
          labels: git
```

### Real Usage

- [Git for Windows' component updates](https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/issues?q=label%3Acomponent-update)

## Compatibility

This GitHub Action is a Javascript port of the Go version at [`guilhem/rss-issues-action`](https://github.com/guilhem/rss-issues-action). The port exists because the Go version has to run in a Docker image, and therefore it is slower to load than the Javascript Action, it has to be pre-compiled, and it has to be uploaded to a Docker registry (i.e. it is subject to network issues when there is a problem connecting from GitHub Actions' build agents).

This Action uses different input names than `rss-issues-action` (e.g. `github-token` instead of `repo-token`).

Another big difference is that this Action understands Javascript regular expressions, i.e. it supports lookaheads and friends, something that Go's `RE2` does not support.

While at it, the Javascript version fixes the bug where `rss-issues-action` did not set the output as documented.
